fix: add default empty array value for null policy profiles (#1706)
eclipse-tractusx/tractusx-edc: docs/migration/Version_0.7.x_0.8.x.md

- [federated catalog - init schema](../../edc-extensions/migrations/control-plane-migration/src/main/resources/org/eclipse/tractusx/edc/postgresql/migration/federatedcatalog/V0_0_1__Init_FederatedCatalogCache_Database_Schema.sql)
- [policy monitor - create state index](../../edc-extensions/migrations/control-plane-migration/src/main/resources/org/eclipse/tractusx/edc/postgresql/migration/policy-monitor/V0_0_2__Alter_PolicyMonitor_CreateStateIndex.sql)
- [policy definition - add profiles column](../../edc-extensions/migrations/control-plane-migration/src/main/resources/org/eclipse/tractusx/edc/postgresql/migration/policy/V0_0_5__Add_Profiles.sql)

>   - **WARNING**: in version 0.8.0 this could give runtime errors, eventually you can manually run the query contained in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **WARNING**: When upgrading from 0.7.X, if your policy definition table already has data, this migration will lead the PolicyDefinitionStore to throw run time errors. As a workaround you can manually run the query contained in the 
```
